# jvm-questions-maozxx
jvm-questions-maozxx created by GitHub Classroom
Answer these questions about the jvm - 
1.What is the difference between the stack and heap memory areas allocated in JVM?
2.Can you explain the architecture of JVM?
3.Why not just run native? why is the jvm needed?
4.What do you understand about bytecode in Java?
5.Can you tell me more about the memory areas available in JVM?
6.What is just-in-time compilation?



1) Heap memory is used by all the parts of the application whereas stack memory is used only by one thread of execution.
Whenever an object is created, it’s always stored in the Heap space and stack memory contains the reference to it.

2) זה בעצם מה שמריץ את הקוד מדמה ומפרש את הקוד ככה שירוץ ב JAVA
JVM architecture in Java contains classloader, memory area, execution engine etc. In JVM, Java code is compiled to bytecode.

3) VM based execution is actually faster then precompiled Java because it can tune the just-in-time compilation 
to the run time environment and use certain optimization tricks that are only available at run-time.

4)Byte Code can be defined as an intermediate code generated by the compiler after the compilation of source code(JAVA Program).
This intermediate code makes Java a platform-independent language.

5)The JVM divides its memory into two main categories: heap memory and non-heap memory. Heap memory is the part with which people are typically the most familiar.
It's where objects that are created by the application are stored. They remain there until they are no longer referenced and are garbage collected

6)In computing, just-in-time (JIT) compilation is a way of executing computer code that involves compilation during execution of a program (at run time)
